[Excel](Custom Functions) Updates to CFs for Shared Runtime (#1835)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/tutorials/share-data-and-events-between-custom-functions-and-the-task-pane-tutorial.md

---

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Author: ```suggestion
```

title: "Tutorial: Share data and events between Excel custom functions and the task pane"

> =======

Author: ```suggestion
```

title: "Tutorial: Share data and events between Excel custom functions and the task pane "

> >>>>>>> fa8a3d99ebebb6b966b3efc481c794e33d02084d

Author: ```suggestion
```

description: 'In Excel, share data and events between custom functions and the task pane.'
ms.date: 05/11/2020
ms.prod: excel
localization_priority: Priority
---

# Tutorial: Share data and events between Excel custom functions and the task pane

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Author: ```suggestion
```

You can configure your Excel add-in to use a shared runtime. This will make it possible to shared global data, or send events between the task pane and custom functions. For most custom functions scenarios, we recommend using a shared runtime, unless you have a specific reason to use a UI-less custom function.

> =======

Author: ```suggestion
```

> >>>>>>> fa8a3d99ebebb6b966b3efc481c794e33d02084d

Author: ```suggestion
```

# Tutorial: Share data and events between Excel custom functions and the task pane

> You can configure your Excel add-in to use a shared runtime. This will make it possible to shared global data, or send events between the task pane and custom functions. For most custom functions scenarios, we recommend using a shared runtime, unless you have a specific reason to use a UI-less custom function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure your Excel add-in to use a shared runtime. This makes it possible to shared global data, or send events between the task pane and custom functions. For most custom functions scenarios, we recommend using a shared runtime, unless you have a specific reason to use a non-task pane (UI-less) custom function.
```

> This tutorial assumes you are familiar with using the Yo Office generator to create add-in projects. Consider completing the [Excel custom functions tutorial](./excel-tutorial-create-custom-functions.md), if you have not already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial assumes you're familiar with using the Yo Office generator to create add-in projects. Consider completing the [Excel custom functions tutorial](./excel-tutorial-create-custom-functions.md), if you haven't already.
```

Once Excel starts, you can use the task pane buttons to store or get shared data. Enter `=CONTOSO.GETVALUE()` into a cell for the custom function to retrieve the same shared data. Or use `=CONTOSO.STOREVALUE("new value")` to change the shared data to a new value.

> [!NOTE]

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Configuring your project as shown in this article will share context between custom functions and the task pane. Calling some Office APIs from custom functions is possible. [See Call Microsoft Excel APIs from a custom function](../excel/call-excel-apis-from-custom-function.md) for more details.

> =======

Author: ```suggestion
```

> > Configuring your project as shown in this article will share context between custom functions and the task pane. Calling Office APIs from custom functions is supported with s[some limitations](../excel/call-excel-apis-from-custom-function.md).

Author: ```suggestion
```

> >>>>>>> fa8a3d99ebebb6b966b3efc481c794e33d02084d

Author: ```suggestion
```
